<!-- TITLE: V 1 -->
<!-- SUBTITLE: A quick summary of V 1 -->

# Act 1

A blue alien kid is running away from dark tentacles reaching down from the sky. Eno, a young girl, wakes startled from this vivid dream. She hugs a robot sitting in a chair in her room, Ko 9, and eventually falls asleep. This has been happening with increasing frequency.

The next morning it’s Eno’s birthday. Eno is invited by her older brother and friends — because it is her birthday — to join in on their VR game that they are obsessed about. They have been failing a certain level over and over, and feel that anything is worth a shot. Their confidence changes about the game, as they get further than ever with Eno part of the group, but they eventually fail. There is a knock on the door…

The family have known that the the governing AI has scheduled the removal of a tree from the family plot — the last living remnant of Eno and Mikael’s  parents — and Eno plans to resist it. Arriving on Eno’s birthday is a perceived cruelty. During the excavation of the tree, Eno, incensed, confronts the excavation team. She recovers a seed, but is hurt. Michael, ashamed of his powerlessness, is angry, but also retreats into his shell, brooding.

Eno is dreaming of man incased in light, happy. He looks down on a world, but things turn dark. Bigger, more powerful, beings, grab him by his limbs. His happiness turns to pain. The larger beings — the titans — start pulling on his limbs. He will not break. They are demanding something from him — he will not break 

That night Eno has another, more vivid, dream. It is a powerful one, one so powerful that she levitates above her bed. KoNine looks on in astonishment.

Secret alarms are triggered in an unknown location.

Alerted, the AI comes to take away Eno. She initially escapes, but, in her attempt, she’s nearly caught by something she had seen in her powerful dream. In a desperate attempt to escape this new enemy, Eno is caught by the AI operatives, overseen by the strange being. Ko 9 tries to stop them taking her away, but is smashed in the attempt. Michael is left crying over the remains of Ko 9.

Eno is transported to Hexus Gate, a giant space station in orbit over the north pole of Saturn. She meets an alien girl that she recognises from one of her dreams

Michael attempts to fixes Ko 9. When repairing Ko 9 Michael spots that some code is corrupt. With her memory about to degrade in minutes, he hurriedly replaces the missing code. Using the unfavored archetype in his favourite game, he just about saves her memory. During her reactivation she is “possessed” by an unknown cyberfield entity. The entity tells Michael to enter the cyberfield and find it — it will help him find Eno in return for escape.

At the objection of Ko 10, Mikael enters the cyberfield to find this mysterious contact.

Eno, on Hexus Gate, is tested by Director Chiron for suitability for “the program”. This is watched over by the AI and the same strange being at her kidnapping. The AI and the being see Eno failing, but we see Eno passing the test, hidden by Chiron — he is quick to cover up Eno’s success.

**The AI requisitions Chiron’s plan and realises that the vkids are what it needs to complete its plan. Chiron agrees and tricks it into thinking it was its plan

Mikael enters the cyberfield to find the contact. His friends help him with security, but are aware that it is easier than they anticipated. 

Within the inner AI core they lose contact. Alone, Mikael proceeds — his goal is to find Eno. 

Mikael comes face to face with Tii — a powerful entity trapped by the AI. Tii asks Mikael to release him, and he does, but it seems too easy.

# Act 2

Eno and the vkids are put through their paces. Chiron frowns after each “simulation”, unhappy with their progress. 

Mikael and Tii slog through Root to find the labyrinth. Tii tells Mikael about the fabric of reality, and the death of Valis. 

Eno and vkids are told by the AI to find the Heart of Valis, in the remnants of his field. The AI desperately wants the Heart of Valis — to become a god. The AI tells the kids that they can go back to their families if they complete their mission. 

Mikael and Tii find the labyrinth that holds Valin Se. Tii feels that he is close to completing his mission.

Eno and vkids infiltrate the fortress that holds Valis’s heart. They have to overcome guards of sinister appearance. 

Mikael and Tii get to the heart of the labyrinth, and meet Valin Se and Noc. On seeing Noc, Tii realises his mistake and tells Mikael to run back through the labyrinth. Tii has left clues for Mikael for him to find his way back. Mikael escapes and, climbing a hill to escape, looks back at the labyrinth. Two giant beings rise out, rubbling falling off them, the labyrinth destroyed. The creatures rising are of gigantic proportions. A serpent battles a dragon. They rise in a helix formation, fighting as they rise. As they reach the apex of the tightening helix, a blinding light flashes across everything. The dragon explodes. Mikael, at the top of the hill, looking in, is struck by blinding light. He disappears. 

Eno finds and takes the Heart of Valis, after a large fight. As they are about to find their way back to Hexus Gate with the heart, Eno realises that it’s the wrong thing to do. She wants to escape to anywhere rather than deliver the AI what it wants. The older part of the group disagree and want her to do as she’s told. They want to go home 

The other kids come back and fall in line with the AI. 

The AI kids decide to get the heart from Eno by force. They track them down.  

Eno resurrects a Field: displays the power of a god. 

“The Field is dying.  Can you do something Eno!” 

Mikael’s friends have started a 
Revolution. 

“You must apply what you know”

Koten teaches them to be giants in cspace. 

Chiron enters the Valis field with the kids after the AI obeys then to. After finding the heart, Eno pleads with the kids to escape and leave Chiron. The team splits up and has a fight. At the pinnacle of the fight, Eno remembers her first test with Chiron and they escape through a portal she creates. 

Unknown to the team, they have create the first co-created field in existence. The AI soon catches up with them and finds them bickering   They are captured and taken back to Hexus Gate. 

The AI takes the heart and is satisfied. He tells the kids that there is a change of plan and that instead of going home, they are to be handed over to the root agents. The AI hands them over. As they are being led to the root exchange point, Chiron intervenes and fights for them. He tells them to escape back to the field they came from. 

Confused, the kids escape, but don’t know how, or where, they escaped to.

# Act 3 

Eno and all the kids escape with the help of Chiron. Confused, they escape to the same field that Eno created. The field now starts to change with the other kids.

The AI, now with the heart, prepares the “ceremony” to integrate it into its being.








“How many levels of doubt are you willing to accept?” — Chiron

“Every living being is an engine geared to the wheelwork of the Universe. Though seemingly affected only by its immediate surrounding, the sphere of external influence extends to the infinite distance” — Nikola Tesla

“How will you apply your powers? There are two ways.” — Chiron

“But instinct is something which transcends knowledge. We have, undoubtedly, certain fibres that enable us to perceive truths when logical deduction, or any other wilful effort of the brain, is futile.” — Tesla

“If you doubt, you cannot create.”

“Is it a matter of separation from left and right?”






 