<!-- TITLE: V 2 -->
<!-- SUBTITLE: A quick summary of V 2 -->

# Act 1
A blue alien kid sprints in fear from explosive, dark tentacles raining down from the heavens. 

Eno, a young girl, wakes startled from this vivid dream. She hugs a well-seeming robot sitting in a chair in her room, Ko-9, and eventually falls asleep. This has been happening with increasing frequency.

The next morning it’s Eno’s birthday. Eno is invited by her older brother and friends — because it is her birthday — to join in on their VR game that they are obsessed about. They have been failing a certain level over and over, and feel that anything is worth a shot. Their confidence changes about the game, as they get further than ever with Eno part of the group, but they eventually fail. There is a knock on the door…

The family have known that the governing AI has scheduled the removal of a tree from the family plot — the last tree that was part of ten planted by Eno and Mikael’s parents — and Eno plans to resist. 

Arriving on Eno’s birthday is a perceived cruelty. During the excavation of the tree, Eno, incensed, confronts the excavation team. She recovers a seed, but is hurt in the process. Michael, ashamed of his powerlessness, is angry, but also retreats into his shell, brooding.

Eno is dreaming of a primitive, joyful mariner on a wide ocean. The mariner heads toward a single tree that grows in the centre of the ocean, the tree seems to contain other worlds within it -. He looks down on a world, but things turn dark. Bigger, more powerful, beings, grab him by his limbs. His happiness turns to pain. The larger beings — the titans — start pulling on his limbs. He will not break. They are demanding something from him — he will not break. 

That night Eno has another, more vivid, dream. It is a powerful one, one so powerful that she levitates above her bed. Ko-9 using a dream catcher tablet, views in astonishment. 

Secret alarms are triggered in an unknown location. Alerted, an AI shock team arrives to extract Eno from her home. She initially escapes, but, in her attempt to hide, she’s close to being caught by something she had seen in a prior dream. In a desperate attempt to escape, Eno is restrained by the AI operatives. The extraction is overseen by the strange being. Ko-9 fails to prevent Eno’s capture and is smashed, seemingly irreparable during the attempt. Michael is left crying over the remains of Ko-9.

Eno is transported to The Hexus Gate, a giant space station in orbit over the north pole of Saturn. She recognises an alien girl from one of her dreams. 

Michael attempts to fix Ko-9. When repairing Ko-9 Michael spots that some code is corrupt. With her memory rapidly degrading, he hurriedly weaves a replacement code originating from the unfavoured archetype in his favourite game. He just about saves her memory. During her reactivation she is “possessed” by an unknown cyberfield entity that is seemingly trapped. The entity communicates and pleads for Michael to enter the cyberfield to locate it — it will help him find Eno in return for assistance in escape. At the objection of Ko-10, Mikael enters the cyberfield to seek this mysterious contact.

Eno on Hexus Gate, is tested by Director Chiron for suitability for “programming”. This is watched over by the AI and the same strange being at her kidnapping. The AI and the being see Eno failing, but we see Eno passing the test, disguised by Chiron — he is quick to cover up Eno’s success. 

The AI requisitions Chiron’s plan and realizes that the test subjects are the resource to complete its plan. Chiron agrees and tricks it into thinking it was its plan. 

Mikael enters the cyberfield via a secure chamber capable of accelerating his connection, in an attempt to source the contact, who bargained for Eno’s life. His friends help him bypass the intensive security layer. Within the inner AI core they lose contact. Alone, Mikael proceeds — determined in his goal is to find Eno. 

Mikael comes face to face with Tii — a powerful entity trapped by the AI. Tii asks Mikael to release him, and he does, but it seems all too easy.

Black fist? – in 

Act 2

Eno and the test subjects are put through their paces. They are taught to anchor into the heart of a Field and tap into the light and shadow lines to protect themselves. Chiron frowns after each “simulation”, unhappy with their progress and arrogance – rather than construct shields, they prefer to play-fight. 

Mikael and Tii slog through Root searching for a mysterious Labyrinth. Mikael tries to make sense of Tii’s tales of the fabric of reality, creation and the death of Valis. 

Eno and counterparts are told by the AI to retrieve an object - the Heart of Valis -  in the remnants of his Field. The AI desperately wants the Heart of Valis — to complete its manifestation as a real god. The AI tells the kids that they can all return to their families if they complete their mission. 

Mikael and Tii find the Labyrinth that is the resting place of the almighty Valin Se. Tii feels that he is close to completing his mission and is indebted to Mikael, who he considers his first friend. 

Eno and vkids infiltrate the fortress that holds Valis’s heart. They have to bypass masses of guards of sinister appearance. 

Mikael and Tii get to the heart of the labyrinth, and confront the fallen Valin Se and his servant, Noc. On seeing Noc, Tii realizes his mistake, telling Mikael to run back through the Labyrinth. 

Tii has left clues for Mikael for him to find his way back. Mikael escapes and scaling the crest of a hill to escape, looks back at the Labyrinth. Two giant beings rise, rumbling and causing oblivion, falling off them, the Labyrinth crumbles. 

The creatures rising are of gigantic proportions and seemingly shift in form. A serpent battles a dragon. They rise in a helix formation, fighting as they rise. As they reach the apex of the tightening helix, a blinding light flashes across everything. The dragon explodes. Mikael, at the top of the hill, looking in, is struck by blinding light. Mikael is gone. Blasted from this environment. 

Eno sources the Heart of Valis, after a large fight. As the group acknowledges it is the time to return to Hexus Gate with the heart, Eno realizes that it’s the wrong thing to do. She wants to escape to anywhere rather than deliver the AI what it wants. The older part of the group disagree and want her to do as she’s told. They are afraid of never returning home. 

4-2 works 

The other kids come back and fall in line with the AI. The AI kids decide to get the heart from Eno by force. They track her down.  

Eno resurrects a Field: displays the power of a god. “The Field is dying. Can you do something Eno!” 

Mikael’s friends have started a Revolution. “You must apply what you know” Ko-10 teaches them to be giants in cspace. 

Chiron enters the Valis field with the kids after the AI obeys then to. After finding the heart, Eno pleads with the kids to escape and leave Chiron. 

The team splits up and has a fight. 

At the pinnacle of the fight, Eno remembers her first test with Chiron and they escape through a portal she creates. 

Unknown to the team, they have created the first co-created field in existence. The AI tentacles soon catch up with them and finds them bickering. They are captured and taken back to Hexus Gate. 

The AI transports the heart and is satisfied. He tells the kids that there is a change of plan and that instead of going home, they are to be handed over to the root agents, backed up by a pack of God Hunters. The AI hands them over. As they are being led to the root exchange point – to become suspended as Rootian bio-data, Chiron dramatically intervenes and fights for them. He tells them to escape back to the field they came from. 

Confused, the kids escape how?, into but don’t know how, or where, they escaped to.

Act 3

Eno and all the kids escape with the help of Chiron. Confused, they escape to the same Field that Eno created. The field now starts to evolve due to the other kids.

Chiron is restrained?

The AI, now with the heart, prepares the “ceremony” to integrate it into its being.

The AI confides in Chiron that it once dreamt of being able to truly create. 

“How many levels of doubt are you willing to accept?” — Chiron

“Every living being is an engine geared to the wheelwork of the Universe. Though seemingly affected only by its immediate surrounding, the sphere of external influence extends to the infinite distance” — Nikola Tesla

“How will you apply your powers? There are two ways.” — Chiron

“But instinct is something which transcends knowledge. We have, undoubtedly, certain fibres that enable us to perceive truths when logical deduction, or any other wilful effort of the brain, is futile.” — Tesla

“In this world, a man, himself, is nothing. And there is no other world for you, Director.” 

“I am no man, and the worlds I have seen, are just the beginning.” 

Mikael is thrust to the plot of land of his home causing a trench of smoldering soil and rock - distraught, in shock and blinded from the blast. He is met by Ko-10, alerted to his proximity. He tries to explain, then he rises and pulses, growing gigantic, hulk-like as a the planet seemingly falls into an eerie suspension, unknowingly a light appears in his hands, carry images and pictures, looking within he sees Eno in a very unworldly place. He calls out to her as he connects with creation. 

I think we need to show the tentacles can’t enter the fortress field
I think we need to show Chiron can’t enter the fortress field 
If a titan can enter crown and root then we don’t need the B fist.